h1. PunchManga Downloader

* http://github.com/maykon/PunchMangaDownloader

h1. DESCRIPTION

Scripts para baixar mangas do site http://www.punchmangas.com.br e criar pdf dos volumes.

h2. Dependencies

* ruby 1.8.6
* mechanize[http://mechanize.rubyforge.org]
* nokogiri[http://nokogiri.rubyforge.org]
* open-uri
* rubyzip (only if you enable "save as .cbz")

h2. SUPPORT:

If you need support send e-mail to:

  * maykon_capellari@yahoo.com.br

The bug tracker is available here:

  * http://github.com/maykon/PunchMangaDownloader/issues

h2. Usage

Put this script in your PATH and download from punchmangas.com.br like this:
<pre><code>ruby punch_downloader.rb Bleach [chapter number]</code></pre>

You will find the downloaded chapters under $HOME/Documents/PunchManga/Bleach.

If you run this script without arguments, it will check your local manga downloads and check if there are any new chapters.

For generate PDFs for the PunchManga downloaded images:
<pre><code>ruby punchmanga_pdf.rb Bleach 5 10 50</code></pre>

Meaning:
 * Manga: Bleach (name of the folder)
 * Number of volumes: 5 (number of generated PDF files)
 * Starting chapter: 10 (default is your first chapter)
 * Last chapter: 50 (default is your last chapter)

h2. Authors

Copyright (c) 2010:

* Maykon Luís Capellari [http://github.com/maykon] (maykon_capellari@yahoo.com.br)}

h2. Credits

* Original project and most of the heavy lifting: Fábio Akita [http://www.akitaonrails.com.br] (@akitaonrails)
* Hacks and some snippets: @maykoncapellari
* Add suport to export for .cbz and others improvments: Marco Antônio Pompei [marco.fowl@gmail.com] (marcopompei)
  
h2. License

This library is distributed under the GPL.  Please see the LICENSE file.